[Two residential structures shown side by side — left labeled "Untreated House", right labeled "AF31 Treated House"]
[On-screen text: "Equal amounts of lighter fluid and kindling were applied to both structures"]
[Firefighter ignites the untreated structure with a torch — it catches fire immediately and flames spread rapidly]
[Untreated house burns intensely, structure consumed by fire, thick smoke rising]
[Camera shifts to AF31 treated structure — firefighter applies same torch and lighter fluid]
[AF31 treated structure resists ignition — flames do not spread beyond the initial contact point]
[On-screen text: "Once the fuel burned out, AF31 chemistry extinguished the fire"]
[AF31 treated structure: fire self-extinguishes after initial fuel burns out — no sustained combustion]
[Side-by-side comparison: untreated house fully destroyed, treated house structure remains intact]
[Aerial and close-up shots show the charred ruins of the untreated house versus the preserved framing of the AF31 treated house]
[Final comparison of debris and remaining structure — AF31 treated home withstood the fire simulation]